[Documentation] Update hardware requirements (#72)
witnet/documentation: docs/node-operators/hardware-requirements.md

This is a quick checklist on what to look for:

- **At least 2GB of RAM** to ensure your node doesn't crash during heavy network activity.
- **A good amount of disk space** (somewhere in the 100s of GBs) is

>   better for long term storage of the blockchain. The node will not grow any more than 50GB per year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  better for long term storage of the blockchain. The node is expected not to grow any more than 75GB per year.
```
